m#Ambience
m#AntiBots
m#AntiVoid
m#AutoArmor
m#AutoGG&Play
m#AutoPot
m#AutoTools
m#BetterSword
m#ChestStealer
m#Criticals
m#Disabler
m#ESP
m#EnchantEffect
m#FullBright
m#HackerDetector
m#Hud
m#InvCleaner
m#InvMove
m#ItemESP
m#ItemPhysics
m#Jesus
m#NameProtect
m#NameTags
m#NoFall
m#NoSlow
m#Pendant
m#PortalMenu
m#Reach
m#RotationAnimation
m#Skeletal
m#Sprint
m#StaffAnalyser
m#StorageESP
m#TargetStrafe
m#Velocity
m#Wing
s#ClickGUI:Mode:New
s#Global:Global Theme:Dark
s#Hud:Theme:Default
s#Global:Teams:true
s#Global:Friends:true
s#Global:MobFriends:true
s#Global:Toggle Sound:true
s#Global:Use Global Settings:false
s#Global:Cape:true
s#Global:Real Bobbing:false
s#Global:Disable Blur:true
s#Global:Void Flick Fix:true
s#Global:ASyn ScreenShot:true
s#Global:Keep Chat:true
s#Global:Memory Fix:true
s#Global:Mouse Delay Fix:true
s#Global:No Command:false
s#Global:All Item Block:true
s#Global:No Obf Name:false
s#Global:FastChat:true
s#Global:Chat Animation:true
s#Global:No Blob:false
s#Global:Random Background Image:true
s#Global:Intensity:1.0
s#Global:Protocol:26.0
s#Hud:Rainbow Speed:-2.0
s#KillAura:Autoblock:false
s#KillAura:Range:3.5
s#KillAura:Block Range:0.5
s#KillAura:Rotation Speed:180.0
s#KillAura:APS:8.0
s#KillAura:Switch Delay:100.0
s#KillAura:Switch Size:5.0
s#KillAura:Yaw Offset:0.3
s#KillAura:Pitch Offset:-0.2
s#KillAura:FoV:360.0
s#KillAura:Mob:false
s#KillAura:Player:true
s#KillAura:Block Through Wall:true
s#KillAura:Invisible:false
s#KillAura:Auto Disable:true
s#KillAura:Target HUD:true
s#KillAura:Super KB:false
s#KillAura:Rotate Instantly:true
s#KillAura:Priority:Range
s#KillAura:Mode:Switch
s#NoRender:Dropped Item:false
s#NoRender:Tablist:true
s#NoRender:Chatbox:true
s#NoRender:Players:false
s#NoRender:Block Animation:false
s#XRay:Opacity:120.0
s#XRay:CaveFinder:false
s#Phase:Mode:Full
s#Wallhack:Mode:Normal
s#Wallhack:Flat:false
s#Wallhack:TeamColor:false
s#Ambience:Mode:Darkness
s#AntiBots:Mode:Hypixel
s#Scaffold:SafeWalk:false
s#Scaffold:ESP:true
s#Scaffold:Tower:true
s#Scaffold:Auto Disable:true
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Move Tower:true
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Expand:0.0
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Tower Boost:true
s#Scaffold:Mode:Hypixel
s#NoSlow:Mode:Normal
s#BetterSword:Auto Set:true
s#InvCleaner:Best Tools:true
s#InvCleaner:Best armors:true
s#InvCleaner:Best Bow:true
s#InvCleaner:Keep buckets:true
s#InvCleaner:Keep arrows:true
s#InvCleaner:Delay:60.0
s#InvCleaner:Auto Toggle:false
s#InvCleaner:Inv Only:false
s#InvCleaner:Toggle Tools:true
s#Hud:Hue:0.17
s#Hud:Saturation:0.32999998
s#Hud:Brightness:1.0
s#Hud:Water Mark:Flux Sense
s#Hud:Tab GUI:false
s#Hud:Notification:true
s#Hud:Arraylist:true
s#Hud:Colorbar:true
s#Hud:Armor:true
s#Hud:Potion Effects:true
s#Hud:Position:true
s#Hud:Render 'Render' Category:false
s#FastUse:Mode:NCP
s#FastUse:In Air:false
s#Criticals:Mode:Hypixel
s#Criticals:Hurt Time:10.0
s#Criticals:Delay:300.0
s#AutoArmor:Delay:100.0
s#AutoArmor:Only Inv.:false
s#Regen:Mode:Old
s#Regen:Packets:10.0
s#AutoPot:Health:14.0
s#AutoPot:Delay:650.0
s#AutoPot:Jump:false
s#AutoPot:RegenPot:true
s#AutoPot:SpeedPot:true
s#AutoPot:No Frog:true
s#NameTags:Scale:1.0
s#NameTags:Bot & Invis:false
s#NameTags:Health:true
s#NameTags:Distance:true
s#NameTags:Armor:true
s#LongJump:Auto Toggle:false
s#LongJump:Mode:Glide
s#AutoClicker:CPS:10.0
s#AutoClicker:Random CPS:3.0
s#Fly:Speed Display:false
s#Fly:Speed (Vanilla):1.0
s#Fly:View Bobbing:true
s#Fly:Motion Speed:0.90000004
s#Fly:Mode:Motion
s#Freecam:Speed:1.0
s#Jesus:Mode:Solid
s#NoRotate:Silent:true
s#ESP:True 2D ESP:true
s#ESP:Outline ESP:false
s#ESP:2D Box ESP:false
s#ESP:3D Box ESP:false
s#ESP:Cylinder ESP:false
s#ESP:Invisible:false
s#ESP:Player:true
s#ESP:Mob:false
s#Speed:Speed (Timer):5.0
s#Speed:LagbackCheck:true
s#Speed:DisableInWater:true
s#Speed:DisableOnLadder:true
s#Speed:Hypixel Boost:false
s#Speed:Mode:Hypixel
s#Sprint:MultiDir:false
s#Sprint:Sneak:true
s#Sprint:Hunger:true
s#Sprint:Blindness:true
s#Sprint:Using Item:true
s#Sprint:At Wall:true
s#Step:Smooth:true
s#StorageESP:Chest:true
s#StorageESP:EnderChest:true
s#Velocity:Mode:Normal
s#Velocity:Horizontal:0.0
s#Velocity:Vertical:0.0
s#Derp:Rotate:true
s#Derp:Dance:true
s#ChestStealer:Silent Steal:false
s#ChestStealer:Auto Disable:false
s#ChestStealer:First Item Delay:10.0
s#ChestStealer:Delay:10.0
s#ChestStealer:No Compass:true
s#ChestStealer:Tools:true
s#ChestStealer:Bow:true
s#ChestStealer:Trash:true
s#FastBreak:Speed:1.5
s#FastBreak:Damage:2.1000001
s#NoFov:Fov:1.0
s#NoFall:Mode:Hypixel
s#NoFall:HypixelMode:B
s#NoFall:MLGWaterBucket:false
s#AntiVoid:Pullback Time:1000.0
s#NameProtect:Skin:true
s#NameProtect:Others:true
s#Reach:Range:4.0
s#Reach:Block Interact:true
s#BreakAura:Range:4.0
s#BreakAura:EnderStone:false
s#BreakAura:Bed:false
s#BreakAura:DragonEgg:false
s#BreakAura:Chest:false
s#BreakAura:Ore:false
s#BowAimbot:FoV:10.0
s#BowAimbot:Range:1.0
s#BowAimbot:Priority:Angle
s#ClickGUI:Red:255.0
s#ClickGUI:Green:255.0
s#ClickGUI:Blue:255.0
s#ClickGui:Rainbow:true
s#EnchantEffect:Red:58.0
s#EnchantEffect:Green:140.0
s#EnchantEffect:Blue:109.0
s#EnchantEffect:Rainbow:false
s#AimAssist:Speed (H):0.4
s#AimAssist:Speed (V):0.4
s#AimAssist:Range:4.2
s#AimAssist:FoV:60.0
s#AimAssist:Invisible:true
s#AimAssist:Auto Disable:true
s#AimAssist:Check Weapon:true
s#AntiInvis:Transperent:true
s#AntiInvis:transAlpha:9.0
s#TriggerBot:APS:6.0
s#HitBox:Size:0.2
s#AutoEat:Food Level:1.0
s#AutoEat:Eat Gapple:false
s#AutoEat:Eat RottenFlesh:false
s#Aimbot:Headshot:true
s#Aimbot:Range:125.0
s#Aimbot:Deviation:2.0
s#Fastbow:Mode:Vanilla
s#Spider:Mode:Vanilla
s#AutoL:Abuse:false
s#AutoL:AutoWdr:true
s#AutoL:ClientName:false
s#AutoL:Language:English
s#Wing:Red:255.0
s#Wing:Green:255.0
s#Wing:Blue:255.0
s#AutoGG&Play:GG:true
s#AutoGG&Play:AD:false
s#AutoGG&Play:ScreenShot:false
s#AutoGG&Play:Auto Play:true
s#AutoGG&Play:Play Delay:900.0
s#AutoGG&Play:Speak Delay:100.0
s#TargetStrafe:Range:2.2
s#TargetStrafe:Void Check:true
s#TargetStrafe:Wall Check:true
s#TargetStrafe:Target Void Check:true
s#TargetStrafe:Jump Key Only:true
s#TargetStrafe:Render Circle:false
s#TargetStrafe:Lock Person View:false
s#TargetStrafe:Animation:1.0
s#ZombieCrisis:Headshot:false
s#ZombieCrisis:GunAttack:true
s#ZombieCrisis:Range:60.0
s#ZombieCrisis:Deviation:0.8
s#AutoTools:Sword:true
s#Animation:Sword Animation:1.7
s#Animation:BlockX:0.0
s#Animation:BlockY:0.0
s#Animation:BlockZ:0.0
s#Animation:ArmX:0.0
s#Animation:ArmY:0.0
s#Animation:ArmZ:0.0
s#Animation:Block Animation Speed:1.0
s#Pendant:Fubukistyle:GIF
s#Pendant:Taco:true
s#Pendant:Fubuki:true
s#Pendant:PositionY:125.0
s#Pendant:PositionX:845.0
s#Pendant:Size:108.0
s#BlockESP:Diamond:true
s#BlockESP:Iron:true
s#BlockESP:Lapis:true
s#BlockESP:Emerald:true
s#BlockESP:Gold:true
s#BlockESP:Coal:true
s#BlockESP:Red Stone:true
s#BlockESP:prompt:true
s#BlockESP:Test Depth:2.0
s#BlockESP:Range:32.0
s#Scoreboard:No Number:true
s#Scoreboard:No Scoreboard:false
s#Scoreboard:Hide Game ID:true
s#Scoreboard:Size:0.97999996
s#Scoreboard:Position:1.2099999
s#ChestAura:Max Chests:3.0
s#ChestAura:Range:2.0
s#AutoHead:Slot:7.0
s#AutoHead:Delay:0.0
s#AutoHead:Health:14.0
s#AutoHead:HealMode:Absorption
s#Disabler:Mode:Ping Spoof
s#Disabler:Loss Packet:51.0
s#StaffAnalyser:Notification Type:Notification
s#StaffAnalyser:Hide 0 Ban:false
s#StaffAnalyser:Check Delay:60.0
s#AutoRod:Delay:100.0
s#AutoRod:Auto Disable:false
s#Refill:Delay:100.0
s#Refill:Soup:false
s#Refill:Pot:false
s#Refill:On Inv:false
