m#Ambience
m#AntiBots
m#AntiVoid
m#AutoArmor
m#AutoGG&Play
m#AutoPot
m#AutoTools
m#BetterSword
m#ChestStealer
m#Criticals
m#DMGParticle
m#Disabler
m#FullBright
m#HackerDetector
m#Hud
m#InvCleaner
m#InvMove
m#ItemPhysics
m#NameTags
m#NoFall
m#NoSlow
m#Projectile
m#RotationAnimation
m#Sprint
m#StaffAnalyser
m#StorageESP
m#TargetStrafe
m#Velocity
m#ViewClip
s#ClickGUI:Mode:New
s#Global:Global Theme:Dark
s#Hud:Theme:Rainbow
s#Global:Teams:true
s#Global:Friends:true
s#Global:MobFriends:true
s#Global:Toggle Sound:true
s#Global:Use Global Settings:false
s#Global:Cape:true
s#Global:Real Bobbing:false
s#Global:Disable Blur:true
s#Global:Void Flick Fix:true
s#Global:ASyn ScreenShot:true
s#Global:Keep Chat:true
s#Global:Memory Fix:true
s#Global:Mouse Delay Fix:true
s#Global:No Command:false
s#Global:All Item Block:false
s#Global:No Obf Name:false
s#Global:FastChat:false
s#Global:Chat Animation:false
s#Global:No Blob:true
s#Global:Random Background Image:false
s#Global:Intensity:1.0
s#Global:Protocol:26.0
s#Hud:Rainbow Speed:1.0
s#KillAura:Autoblock:true
s#KillAura:Range:4.0
s#KillAura:Block Range:4.0
s#KillAura:Rotation Speed:120.0
s#KillAura:APS:12.0
s#KillAura:Switch Delay:400.0
s#KillAura:Switch Size:2.0
s#KillAura:Yaw Offset:0.0
s#KillAura:Pitch Offset:0.0
s#KillAura:FoV:360.0
s#KillAura:Mob:false
s#KillAura:Player:true
s#KillAura:Block Through Wall:false
s#KillAura:Invisible:false
s#KillAura:Auto Disable:true
s#KillAura:Target HUD:true
s#KillAura:Super KB:false
s#KillAura:Rotate Instantly:false
s#KillAura:Priority:Range
s#KillAura:Mode:Switch
s#NoRender:Dropped Item:false
s#NoRender:Tablist:false
s#NoRender:Chatbox:false
s#NoRender:Players:false
s#NoRender:Block Animation:true
s#XRay:Opacity:120.0
s#XRay:CaveFinder:false
s#Phase:Mode:Full
s#Wallhack:Mode:Normal
s#Wallhack:Flat:false
s#Wallhack:TeamColor:false
s#Ambience:Mode:Darkness
s#AntiBots:Mode:Hypixel
s#Scaffold:SafeWalk:false
s#Scaffold:ESP:true
s#Scaffold:Tower:true
s#Scaffold:Auto Disable:true
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Move Tower:true
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Expand:1.0
s#Scaffold:Hypixel Tower Boost:true
s#Scaffold:Mode:Hypixel
s#NoSlow:Mode:Hypixel
s#BetterSword:Auto Set:true
s#InvCleaner:Best Tools:true
s#InvCleaner:Best armors:true
s#InvCleaner:Best Bow:true
s#InvCleaner:Keep buckets:true
s#InvCleaner:Keep arrows:true
s#InvCleaner:Delay:100.0
s#InvCleaner:Auto Toggle:false
s#InvCleaner:Inv Only:false
s#InvCleaner:Toggle Tools:true
s#Hud:Hue:1.0
s#Hud:Saturation:1.0
s#Hud:Brightness:1.0
s#Hud:Water Mark:Flux Sense
s#Hud:Tab GUI:false
s#Hud:Notification:true
s#Hud:Arraylist:true
s#Hud:Colorbar:false
s#Hud:Armor:true
s#Hud:Potion Effects:true
s#Hud:Position:true
s#Hud:Render 'Render' Category:false
s#FastUse:Mode:NCP
s#FastUse:In Air:false
s#Criticals:Mode:Hypixel
s#Criticals:Hurt Time:16.0
s#Criticals:Delay:300.0
s#AutoArmor:Delay:300.0
s#AutoArmor:Only Inv.:false
s#Regen:Mode:Old
s#Regen:Packets:30.0
s#AutoPot:Health:12.0
s#AutoPot:Delay:650.0
s#AutoPot:Jump:false
s#AutoPot:RegenPot:true
s#AutoPot:SpeedPot:true
s#AutoPot:No Frog:true
s#NameTags:Scale:0.5
s#NameTags:Bot & Invis:false
s#NameTags:Health:true
s#NameTags:Distance:false
s#NameTags:Armor:false
s#LongJump:Auto Toggle:true
s#LongJump:Mode:Hypixel
s#AutoClicker:CPS:10.0
s#AutoClicker:Random CPS:3.0
s#Fly:Speed Display:false
s#Fly:Speed (Vanilla):2.0
s#Fly:View Bobbing:false
s#Fly:Motion Speed:1.5
s#Fly:Mode:Motion
s#Freecam:Speed:1.0
s#Jesus:Mode:Solid
s#NoRotate:Silent:true
s#ESP:True 2D ESP:true
s#ESP:Outline ESP:false
s#ESP:2D Box ESP:false
s#ESP:3D Box ESP:false
s#ESP:Cylinder ESP:false
s#ESP:Invisible:false
s#ESP:Player:true
s#ESP:Mob:false
s#Speed:Speed (Timer):1.5
s#Speed:LagbackCheck:true
s#Speed:DisableInWater:true
s#Speed:DisableOnLadder:true
s#Speed:Hypixel Boost:false
s#Speed:Mode:Hypixel
s#Sprint:MultiDir:true
s#Sprint:Sneak:true
s#Sprint:Hunger:true
s#Sprint:Blindness:true
s#Sprint:Using Item:true
s#Sprint:At Wall:true
s#Step:Smooth:false
s#StorageESP:Chest:true
s#StorageESP:EnderChest:false
s#Velocity:Mode:Normal
s#Velocity:Horizontal:0.0
s#Velocity:Vertical:0.0
s#Derp:Rotate:true
s#Derp:Dance:true
s#ChestStealer:Silent Steal:false
s#ChestStealer:Auto Disable:false
s#ChestStealer:First Item Delay:210.0
s#ChestStealer:Delay:50.0
s#ChestStealer:No Compass:true
s#ChestStealer:Tools:true
s#ChestStealer:Bow:true
s#ChestStealer:Trash:false
s#FastBreak:Speed:1.4
s#FastBreak:Damage:1.6
s#NoFov:Fov:1.0
s#NoFall:Mode:Hypixel
s#NoFall:HypixelMode:A
s#NoFall:MLGWaterBucket:false
s#AntiVoid:Pullback Time:1200.0
s#NameProtect:Skin:false
s#NameProtect:Others:false
s#Reach:Range:4.0
s#Reach:Block Interact:true
s#BreakAura:Range:6.0
s#BreakAura:EnderStone:false
s#BreakAura:Bed:true
s#BreakAura:DragonEgg:false
s#BreakAura:Chest:false
s#BreakAura:Ore:false
s#BowAimbot:FoV:180.0
s#BowAimbot:Range:100.0
s#BowAimbot:Priority:Angle
s#ClickGUI:Red:175.0
s#ClickGUI:Green:167.0
s#ClickGUI:Blue:188.0
s#ClickGui:Rainbow:true
s#EnchantEffect:Red:58.0
s#EnchantEffect:Green:255.0
s#EnchantEffect:Blue:237.0
s#EnchantEffect:Rainbow:true
s#AimAssist:Speed (H):0.4
s#AimAssist:Speed (V):0.4
s#AimAssist:Range:4.2
s#AimAssist:FoV:60.0
s#AimAssist:Invisible:true
s#AimAssist:Auto Disable:true
s#AimAssist:Check Weapon:true
s#AntiInvis:Transperent:true
s#AntiInvis:transAlpha:35.0
s#TriggerBot:APS:10.0
s#HitBox:Size:0.3
s#AutoEat:Food Level:10.0
s#AutoEat:Eat Gapple:false
s#AutoEat:Eat RottenFlesh:false
s#Aimbot:Headshot:false
s#Aimbot:Range:100.0
s#Aimbot:Deviation:1.5
s#Fastbow:Mode:NCP
s#Spider:Mode:Vanilla
s#AutoL:Abuse:true
s#AutoL:AutoWdr:false
s#AutoL:ClientName:false
s#AutoL:Language:English
s#Wing:Red:255.0
s#Wing:Green:255.0
s#Wing:Blue:255.0
s#AutoGG&Play:GG:true
s#AutoGG&Play:AD:false
s#AutoGG&Play:ScreenShot:false
s#AutoGG&Play:Auto Play:true
s#AutoGG&Play:Play Delay:3000.0
s#AutoGG&Play:Speak Delay:100.0
s#TargetStrafe:Range:1.0
s#TargetStrafe:Void Check:false
s#TargetStrafe:Wall Check:true
s#TargetStrafe:Target Void Check:false
s#TargetStrafe:Jump Key Only:false
s#TargetStrafe:Render Circle:false
s#TargetStrafe:Lock Person View:false
s#TargetStrafe:Animation:0.42
s#ZombieCrisis:Headshot:false
s#ZombieCrisis:GunAttack:false
s#ZombieCrisis:Range:100.0
s#ZombieCrisis:Deviation:1.5
s#AutoTools:Sword:true
s#Animation:Sword Animation:Exhi Swang
s#Animation:BlockX:0.77
s#Animation:BlockY:0.17999999
s#Animation:BlockZ:0.85999995
s#Animation:ArmX:2.1399999
s#Animation:ArmY:-0.22999999
s#Animation:ArmZ:0.089999996
s#Animation:Block Animation Speed:0.63
s#Pendant:Fubukistyle:Static
s#Pendant:Taco:true
s#Pendant:Fubuki:false
s#Pendant:PositionY:400.0
s#Pendant:PositionX:65.0
s#Pendant:Size:37.0
s#BlockESP:Diamond:true
s#BlockESP:Iron:true
s#BlockESP:Lapis:false
s#BlockESP:Emerald:false
s#BlockESP:Gold:true
s#BlockESP:Coal:true
s#BlockESP:Red Stone:false
s#BlockESP:prompt:true
s#BlockESP:Test Depth:2.0
s#BlockESP:Range:59.0
s#Scoreboard:No Number:true
s#Scoreboard:No Scoreboard:false
s#Scoreboard:Hide Game ID:true
s#Scoreboard:Size:1.0
s#Scoreboard:Position:1.2099999
s#ChestAura:Max Chests:20.0
s#ChestAura:Range:3.5
s#AutoHead:Slot:6.0
s#AutoHead:Delay:2.0
s#AutoHead:Health:19.0
s#AutoHead:HealMode:Absorption
s#Disabler:Mode:Ping Spoof
s#Disabler:Loss Packet:5.0
s#StaffAnalyser:Notification Type:Notification
s#StaffAnalyser:Hide 0 Ban:false
s#StaffAnalyser:Check Delay:60.0
s#AutoRod:Delay:100.0
s#AutoRod:Auto Disable:false
s#Refill:Delay:100.0
s#Refill:Soup:false
s#Refill:Pot:false
s#Refill:On Inv:false
